Add class method for Box class which create a box from Lx,Ly,Lz and angles (#1234)
glotzerlab/freud: ChangeLog.md

### Added
* New continuous coordination number compute `freud.order.ContinuousCoordination`.

> * New class methods for construction of `freud.box.Box` from box lengths and angles.
> * New `freud.box.Box.to_box_lengths_and_angles` method for computing box vector lengths
>   and angles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New methods for conversion of box lengths and angles to/from `freud.box.Box`.
```
